This is a follow-up to give you five more
so let's not waste time and get right to it here we go with
number one so this first mistake is common because in many languages when you
discuss jobs where your station in life you don't use
articles even if you come from a country where there are articles in the language so,
for example, I am student he is engineer if I ask you
what do you do you need to use an article because student is
accountable it's singular engineer is accountable and it's singular so you have to
say I am a student he is an
engineer now let's move onto number two
okay here we have to sentences on the board we have I
am agree are you agree so in this situation
agree is a verb we don't say im agree you can just say
I agree if you if it's negative I don't agree or I disagree.